Update README (#53)
newrelic/newrelic-agent-init-container: README.md

<a href="https://opensource.newrelic.com/oss-category/#community-project"><picture><source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/main/src/images/categories/dark/Community_Project.png"><source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/main/src/images/categories/Community_Project.png"><img alt="New Relic Open Source community project banner." src="https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/main/src/images/categories/Community_Project.png"></picture></a>

# New Relic Kubernetes Agent Operator Init Container Releases

> This repository contains init containers and GHA workflows to automatically release new Kubernetes Agent Operator agent init containers when a new version of a language agent becomes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains init containers and GHA workflows for automatically releasing new Kubernetes Agent Operator agent init containers when a new version of a language agent becomes available.
```

## Usage

Init containers published here are intended for use with the New Relic [Kubernetes Agents Operator](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/). See the [Installation](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/#installation) section for example use cases.

## Image Tagging Conventions

> Agent versions at New Relic either follow [semver](https://semver.org/) (eg. `1.2.3`) or may contain an additional build number (eg. `1.2.3.99`). An example table below shows what Python Agent version would be pulled from various tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Agent versions at New Relic either follow [semver](https://semver.org/) (eg. `1.2.3`) or may contain an additional build number (eg. `1.2.3.99`). The example table below shows what Python Agent version would be pulled from various tags.
```

| Image Tag  | Agent Version                                                 |
|------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| `latest`   | The latest agent release                                      |
| `9`        | The latest `9.*` release                                      |
| `9.10`     | The latest `9.10.*` release                                   |
| `9.10.0`   | The latest **initcontainer build** of agent version `9.10.0`  |
| `9.10.0.0` | The initial **initcontainer build** of agent version `9.10.0` |

> In this example, once the tag `9.10.0.0` is published it will never be replaced. If a rebuilt container for agent verison `v9.10.0` is published, it will be published as `9.10.0.1`, incrementing the initcontainer build number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, once the tag `9.10.0.0` is published it will never be replaced. If a rebuilt container for agent version `v9.10.0` is released, it will be published as `9.10.0.1`, incrementing the init container build number.
```

### NodeJS

Each NodeJS container is only compatible with a single major version of NodeJS. As a result, all NodeJS agent versions are published as separate images with a NodeJS version suffix. The `latest` tag and any tags without this suffix point to the latest supported major version of NodeJS.

| Image Tag         | NodeJS Major Version   |
|-------------------|------------------------|
| latest            | Latest Supported  (20) |
| 11.19.0           | Latest Supported  (20) |
| 11.19.0-nodejs20x | 20                     |
| 11.19.0-nodejs18x | 18                     |
| 11.19.0-nodejs16x | 16                     |

## Local Testing

> Under the `tests/` folder, there is a Makefile for local building and testing of initcontainer images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the `tests/` folder, there is a Makefile for local building and testing of init container images.
```

### Prerequisites

1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)
2. [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/)
3. [Helm](https://helm.sh/)
4. [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)

### Quickstart

> 1. Specify environment variables with the language of the initcontainer you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Specify the environment variables with the language of the init container you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).
```

```bash
export INITCONTAINER_LANGUAGE=python
export NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY=***
```

> 2. On the first test run, start the minikube cluster, all dependencies, and build the test app. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. On the first test run, start the minikube cluster and all dependencies, and build the test app. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.
```

```bash
make -f tests/Makefile all
```

> 3. On subsequent runs, rebuild just the initcontainer and test app. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. On subsequent runs, rebuild just the init container and test app. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.
```

```bash
make -f tests/Makefile test
```

### Step by Step

> 1. Specify environment variables with the language of the initcontainer you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Specify the environment variables with the language of the init container you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).
```

```bash
export INITCONTAINER_LANGUAGE=python
export NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY=***
```
2. Start a minikube cluster for local testing:
```bash
make -f tests/Makefile minikube
```
3. Install [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/).
```bash
make -f tests/Makefile cert-manager
```
4. Install the New Relic [Kubernetes Agents Operator](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/)
```bash
make -f tests/Makefile operator
```

> 5. Build a local copy of the initcontainer in minikube.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Build a local copy of the init container in minikube.
```

```bash
make -f tests/Makefile build-initcontainer
```
6. Build a local copy of the test app in minikube.
```bash
make -f tests/Makefile build-testapp
```

> 7. Deploy the test app instrumented with the initcontainer. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Deploy the test app instrumented with the init container. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.
```

```bash
make -f tests/Makefile test
```

## Releasing Old Versions

To release one or more old versions of the agent, follow these steps.

> 1. Start with the **oldest** agent version that must be rereleased. **Do not publish another agent version until the previous one is available on Docker Hub, or tags may be overwritten.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Start with the **oldest** agent version that must be re-released. **Do not publish another agent version until the previous one is available on Docker Hub, or tags may be overwritten.**
```

2. Navigate to the [releases](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-agent-init-container/releases) page and draft a new release.

> 3. Decide on a new version number, which should be the agent version with an extra initcontainer build number on the end. If `.0` of the initcontainer has already been released do **NOT** rerelease that version and instead increment it to `.1` (or higher).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Decide on a new version number, which should be the agent version with an extra init container build number at the end. If `.0` of the init container has already been released do **NOT** rerelease that version and instead increment it to `.1` (or higher).
```

If the batch of old versions does not republish **every** agent version between the start of the batch and the newest agent version available on Docker Hub, then tags must be adjusted to fix conflicts.

7. Adjust the `latest` tag and any existing tags that overlap with the published image. (See [Fixing Docker Image Tags](#fixing-docker-image-tags) and the [example](#example) below.)

## Fixing Docker Image Tags

1. Install Google's [crane](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/tree/main/cmd/crane) CLI tool.
```bash
brew install crane
```
2. Identify any tags that should be replaced (eg. `latest` should point to `v9.11.0.0` but does not).
3. Use `crane copy` to "copy" an existing tagged image to another tag. 
```bash
export IMAGE_NAME=newrelic/newrelic-python-init
crane copy $IMAGE_NAME:9.11.0.0 $IMAGE_NAME:latest
```

*Note: This process overwrites an existing tag, correctly handling multi-architecture images, and does so without pulling images. It simply adjusts the manifests in Docker Hub which is significantly faster and safer than attempting to create new multi-architecture manifests by hand.*

### Example

> Republishing Python Agent `v8.10.0` as initcontainer `8.10.0.1` when `v8.10.1` through `v9.11.0` are already published will overwrite the tags `latest`, `8` and `8.10`. These tags should be corrected to point to the following: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Republishing Python Agent `v8.10.0` as init container `8.10.0.1` when `v8.10.1` through `v9.11.0` are already published will overwrite the tags `latest`, `8` and `8.10`. These tags should be corrected to point to the following: 
```

# New Relic Kubernetes Agent Operator Init Container Releases

> This repository contains init containers and GHA workflows to automatically release new Kubernetes Agent Operator agent init containers when a new version of an agent becomes available.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This repository contains init containers and GHA workflows to automatically release new Kubernetes Agent Operator agent init containers when a new version of a language agent becomes available.
```

## Usage

> Initcontainers published here are for use with the New Relic [Kubernetes Agents Operator](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/). See the [Installation](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/#installation) section for example uses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Init containers published here are intended for use with the New Relic [Kubernetes Agents Operator](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/). See the [Installation](https://github.com/newrelic/k8s-agents-operator/#installation) section for example use cases.
```

In this example, once the tag `9.10.0.0` is published it will never be replaced. If a rebuilt container for agent verison `v9.10.0` is published, it will be published as `9.10.0.1`, incrementing the initcontainer build number.

### NodeJS

Each NodeJS container is only compatible with a single major version of NodeJS. As a result, all NodeJS agent versions are published as separate images with a NodeJS version suffix. The `latest` tag and any tags without this suffix point to the latest supported major version of NodeJS.

| Image Tag         | NodeJS Major Version   |
|-------------------|------------------------|
| latest            | Latest Supported  (20) |
| 11.19.0           | Latest Supported  (20) |
| 11.19.0-nodejs20x | 20                     |
| 11.19.0-nodejs18x | 18                     |
| 11.19.0-nodejs16x | 16                     |

## Local Testing

Under the `tests/` folder, there is a Makefile for local building and testing of initcontainer images.

### Prerequisites

1. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/)
2. [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/)
3. [Helm](https://helm.sh/)
4. [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)

### Quickstart

> 1. Specify a environment variables with the lanugage of initcontainer you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Specify environment variables with the language of the initcontainer you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).
```

```bash
export INITCONTAINER_LANGUAGE=python
export NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY=***
```
2. On the first test run, start the minikube cluster, all dependencies, and build the test app. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.
```bash
make -f tests/Makefile all
```
3. On subsequent runs, rebuild just the initcontainer and test app. A browser window will open if the deployment succeeds.
```bash
make -f tests/Makefile test
```

### Step by Step

> 1. Specify a environment variables with the lanugage of initcontainer you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Specify environment variables with the language of the initcontainer you wish to build locally, and your [New Relic License Key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apis/intro-apis/new-relic-api-keys/).
```
